Update my jetpack zendesk chat show conditionally with api (#29942)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/components/components/zendesk-chat/README.md

Because the chat is conditionally rendered based on Date and Time, no props are needed in order to render correctly.
  
## Note

> There is an wpcom/v2 API endpoint `/presales/chat?group=jp_presales` that returns whether or not chat is available at this time. This should be used when determinging whether or not to render this component.

Reviewer: Minor typo here

```suggestion
There is a wpcom/v2 API endpoint `/presales/chat?group=jp_presales` that returns whether or not chat is available at this time. This should be used when determining whether or not to render this component.
```

Author: determinging 😆
